Added the Code of Conduct document (#7243)
rathena/rathena: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender
identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status,
nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity
and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming,
diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:

* Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
* Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience
* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the
  overall community

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or
  advances of any kind
* Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email

>   address, without their explicit permission

Author: Permission is explicitly granted under Github's Terms of Service as part of committing to a repository for users to post their own - but we don't have people's email addresses to post anyway 😛

* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a

>   professional setting

Author: Translation: *We* don't need to be, but if you wouldn't leave a comment in a professional workplace, because it's unprofessional, then it doesn't really belong here, either.

Which means I really need to reign myself in when interacting with people who make me wanna (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation
decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when
an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.
Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed

> representative at an online or offline event.

Author: Links to social media are on the forums, and we don't host offline events. Appointed representatives online would be users with a "maintainer" tag on Github, Staff role in Discord, or Moderator/Developer group on the forums.

> posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
> representative at an online or offline event.

Author: ```suggestion
posting via an official social media account, posting on the forums with an account in a Staff group, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.
```

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement via
the Report Center on the forums or via Discord DM to any member of the Staff role.

> All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

Author: I suppose we could emphasise the Report Centre more, as then **all** staff can view the submitted problem.

> the Report Center on the forums or via Discord DM to any member of the Staff role.
> All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

Author: ```suggestion
the Report Center on our forums. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.
```

All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the
reporter of any incident.

## Enforcement Guidelines

Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining
the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:

### 1. Correction

**Community Impact**: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed
unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

**Consequence**: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing
clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the

> behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

Author: ```suggestion
behavior was inappropriate. In the event that a user is uncontactable through normal means, the offending content will be hidden. A second infraction from a user with no means of communication will result in immediate Temporary Ban. See section 3.
```

permanent ban.

### 3. Temporary Ban

**Community Impact**: A serious violation of community standards, including
sustained inappropriate behavior.

**Consequence**: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public
communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or
private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction
with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period.
Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

### 4. Permanent Ban

**Community Impact**: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community
standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior,  harassment of an
individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

**Consequence**: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within
the community.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage],
version 2.0, available at
https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html.

Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by [Mozilla's code of conduct
enforcement ladder](https://github.com/mozilla/diversity).

> [homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org

Reviewer: That one looks like hanging in the void and is not displayed in the preview of the file.

> [homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org

Author: ```suggestion
[Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org)
```
